SacHacks titular description:
SacHacks IV
Design. Code. Launch.
Co-hosted by <IBM-logo> and <GDSC UC Davis logo> (something like this)


https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/13ToHuPb-qdgMPSSldwpLcxctj0x8fVhj - some versions of the GDSC logo and the IBM logo from the above picture.

If none of the GDSC logos work out properly, just say “Co-hosted by <IBM-logo>”

Join us in-person or Virtually on October 15-16.

SacHacks is the first major intercollegiate hackathon in the Sacramento, California area. Our passion is to cultivate the untapped potential of those in Sac and beyond by launching their ideas into action during a 24-hour hackathon.


Join team link: https://bit.ly/joinsachacks

Sponsor us: Add a “mail-to” link for contact@sachacks.io

(new button) Discord server: https://bit.ly/SacHacksDiscord
Our values:
Make each of the cards (Code, design, and Launch) “flip” to show the following text on mouse over.

Design: create something great, unique, and innovative. Bring your ideas to life. 

Code: something groundbreaking. Build your idea to make the World better.

Launch: something big. Pitch your ideas to our panel of judges who are the best in their field. 
FAQ:

What is a hackathon?
A hackathon occurs when passionate people gather together to create, build, and launch their ideas with tech.
When will the event take place?
Hacking will start on the morning of Oct 15 and continue for 24 hours, and judging is expected to complete on the evening of Oct 16.
Where will the event take place?
The event will take a hybrid format–so even if you can’t make it to the greater Sacramento area–you can still compete in the Hackathon. The in-person venue is being decided.
How does COVID-19 affect SacHacks?
Our team is closely monitoring the pandemic and will keep the safety and health of our participants as our main priority. With that in mind, we have decided to make SacHacks IV an hybrid event and we will follow the latest guidelines from CDC to provide a safe environment to our in-person competitors.
Who can attend?
Any undergraduate student, graduate student, or industry professional over the age of 18 are welcome!
Does it cost anything?
Everything is provided by our team and sponsors. The event is free to attend.
When is the application deadline?
Our officer application closes on May 23, 2022. Our application to compete hasn’t been released yet–stay tuned by joining our discord server and following our socials to apply as soon as the applications are released!
Code of Conduct?
All participants of our event must follow the MLH Code of Conduct. Click the link below to download a pdf for more information. MLH Code of Conduct PDF.
https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf
I don’t have a team, can I still attend?
Yes! We will have a team mixer for hackers to form teams.
How many people can be in each team?
Each team should have a maximum of 4 people.
What is IBM-Z?
Come and learn about IBM Z - the enterprise computing platform that runs the world's economy. Design your solution for health, social inequality, or data science and launch it on IBM Z to realize and leverage the power of IBM Z.
Have more questions?
Feel free to email us at contact@sachacks.io or DM one of the directors in our discord server.
https://bit.ly/SacHacksDiscord
Note: the link is case sensitive.

Sections that are to be added to our website at a future date:

Sponsors: (Ignore this section for now… we’ll wait till have a couple more confirmed sponsors)

Partners and Collaborators: (Ignore for now–we’ll add this section once we have a confirmed collaboration with a couple more organizations)
Google Developer Student Club at UC Davis
Cyber-security club
CSSA club at UC Davis

Resources: (Ignore for now, we’ll have this tab ready before we open applications to compete)
GDSC workshops and a starter pack that will be shared soon.

This page will be taken out soon, but it has a lot of resources we could share with the participants: https://sachacks.io/resources

